good hey whats up guys whisper and today
I got some information about the
independence you'll see for you guys to
enjoy but first of all I want to
apologize for not uploading a video on
my channel yesterday at the moment it is
like 40 degrees right here so it is just
super hot and yeah I really had no
energy to make a video with you today I
said to myself now I have to make a
video I can be enacted for today so here
I am guys with another video by the way
let me know how what it is like how many
degrees it is where you guys live I
would have to check that out but yeah in
this video I want to talk about the
independent 0c so yeah yesterday we got
this update and this a bit came with a
few cool items and things first of all
the firework rocket launcher the rocket
launcher what shields fireworks first
and yeah I bet the most if you guys can
still remember this cool gun from lesser
but if you don't hear some games he'll
fit in the background and yeah then we
have again the Liberator the monster
truck and fourth of July style and we
also got a brand new motorcycle what we
never seen before in any updates or
previous updates with grand theft auto 5
also in full of July style i believe
yeah
so it has pretty cool even though they
are not that cheap they are still pretty
cool also they are exclusive for a
limited time also guys you can earn
double RP & money into these six of july
so if you want to make some extra cash
or money or whatever for the upcoming
ill-gotten gains part to do see now is
your chance personally I recommend
making yourself a cocktail and jumping
in a pool but hey that's me that's what
I'm going to do right now it's too
freaking hot right there but yeah that's
it for the video guys I hope I had
phoned y'all with the latest information
and yeah that's it for the video
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already and Emma gasps by